ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
‪YIHE UNIVERSITY
I received the postgraduate
exam materials this morning.
I didn't expect so much.
I plan to check them out
back in my hometown.
Thanks for helping me.
You're welcome.
By the way, Yifan, do you want
to take the postgraduate exam?
We could study for it together.
I'm thinking of getting a job.
I'm planning to go back home
for graduate school.
My boyfriend is still waiting for me.
I see you're alone.
Isn't there someone waiting for you, too?
I just feel that if I go back home,
I can be a little spoiled
and eat and drink with my parents.
How great is that!
It's this one.
Sir! Could you please open the trunk?
Yifan, just leave it here.
I'll call the driver.
Sir, can you open the trunk, please?
Thank you.
So much stuff.
Thank you, sir.
3,430 DAYS
UPTOWN FLOWER CITY
‪SANG YAN
I'm working overtime. I'll be back late.
WEN YIFAN
You've been working overtime
for several days.
Take care of yourself.
I've got some food.
Just heat it up and eat when you're back.
I left takeout for you.
Remember to eat when you get back.
DON'T OVERWORK. TAKE CARE
When will you come home?
I left some late-night snacks for you.
I'm going on a business trip tomorrow
for an interview.
Wen Shuangjiang, you're back!
Are you back?
I'm back!
SLEEP EARLY
WHEN WILL YOU BE BACK?
AROUND TWO OR THREE
- Hello?
- Yifan, are you at home?
We'll be downstairs in three minutes.
We're coming to pick you up now.
Oh, you're back.
Are you tired?
What about you? Are you tired?
I have to head out for a while.
Going out again?
There's an unexpected situation.
- Let me drive you.
- No need.
Ms. Qian is waiting for me downstairs.
I want to drive you.
Hurry and get some rest. It's too late.
What a coincidence, Yifan.
This time, the news
happened near your place.
Didn't you hear
the police sirens just now?
No.
What happened?
It's not a big story.
It's just a bit strange.
Be serious.
A car accident isn't a big news story?
And I heard both the driver
and the passenger were injured.
The most shocking part is the car
went straight into a noodle shop.
That's astonishing!
DRAGON KING NOODLE SHOP
- Someone's in there?
- Yes!
Hurry up.
Long, park the car
in the parking lot later.
- Don't block traffic here.
- Okay.
This is truly unbelievable.
I heard this is a second-hand car
that's almost junk.
The driver, not sure what happened,
drove it right into the noodle shop
while maneuvering.
The person is still in the car.
No one knows how they're doing.
Well,
should this be treated as a joke
or as a disaster news story?
Stop joking around.
Remember this. You must get
a clear shot of the driver's face.
But you need to consider
the interviewee's mood.
If they don't want to be interviewed,
try to avoid it.
- Is that okay?
- Okay.
Go ahead. Get to work.
- They're out!
What's going on?
It's nothing. I'm fine.
Have you been drinking?
What's going on?
We're just waiting for this shot.
Right here.
What are you doing?
GOOD NEWS, PARIS, BEIJING, MOSCOW
Fortunately,
the driver isn't seriously injured.
The damages caused by the man
are initially estimated at 140,000 yuan.
The price he paid is quite high.
This news was reported
by Wen Yifan from Nanwu TV.
Okay, let me adjust.
Did he see me?
Sorry,
I… I want to add one more thing.
Fortunately,
the driver isn't seriously injured.
The damages caused by the man
are initially estimated at 140,000 yuan.
The price he paid is quite high.
This news was reported by Nanwu TV.
Why are you still awake?
Isn't today Saturday?
I'm about to sleep.
But you
should finish
your porridge before sleeping.
What's wrong?
Something bad happened?
I'm so tired. I don't want to move at all.
Then, hold me like this,
and you won't be tired anymore.
Drink your porridge first.
It'll get cold soon.
Later, you can hold me however you want.
I'll even hold you while you sleep
if you want. Is that okay?
Sang Yan…
I won't be like before.
I won't anymore.
I'll treat you well.
I won't hurt you again.
I want to be with you every day.
I don't want to see
those people from before.
Not a single one.
So, can we always be like this?
Can you stay with me always?
When you want to talk,
remember to call me.
I want to kiss you.
I'll go rest now.
Wen Shuangjiang.
Does this count as a kiss?
It's not the first time.
So,
I'm not being frivolous, right?
What kind of fate is this for me?
Being kissed and hugged by you this early.
And you kissed, but not properly.
Wen Shuangjiang,
if you want to flirt,
can you be serious about it?
How can I be serious?
Look at me properly.
Come closer and speak.
Then?
And I'm hooked.
What's wrong? Why are you hiding?
I'm a bit shy.
Are you hungry?
I can't do both at the same time.
Do you want to drink porridge first,
or should I
kiss you a little longer?
Let's drink the porridge first.
Go rest after eating.
You still need to go to work later, right?
You want to continue?
Your kissing skills are so terrible.
My lips hurt.
- Well, I just…
- Need to practice more.
So, "Laughter" was Grandma's nickname.
Do you know where Grandpa
spent all the money
the last six months?
He's been spending it
on those dancing aunties, right?
Grandpa missed the days
when he was with Grandma,
living a simple life,
studying in Nanwu,
and pursuing their dreams.
So, he's spent money
to buy their old house back.
He even got
those vintage pieces of furniture
and redecorated the house.
Why? To recreate memories?
He must want to retire there with Grandma.
That place holds
their most beautiful memories.
He wants to preserve those memories
while he still has money.
He's always thinking about that stuff.
He's getting old,
coming up with all these odd ideas.
Su Haoan,
so this is how you see it?
But he already confused Grandma,
and he won't explain.
Some things can't be solved
just by talking.
I don't think you've ever
really cared about them.
It's not that I don't care,
but over the years…
I feel like our family
has this permanent wound
that no one dares to talk about
and no one dares to touch!
Do you know?
This is probably why Grandpa refused
to talk about his illness,
neglected it, and even pushed Grandma
to go on a road trip.
Your family only has three people left,
yet no one is willing to talk
about the past properly.
How will you face the future?
The other day, Grandpa came to your house.
He asked me
which side of the bed I slept on.
Do you usually sleep
on the left side or the right?
Right side.
Do you know, now Grandpa always
sleeps on the left side at home,
and Grandma always sleeps
on the right side?
When Grandma isn't at home,
I go to her room
every day to clean
and tidy up.
Then I sit here,
listening to old songs
and looking at old photos.
So many memories
suddenly flood back.
I have to hurry and write them down.
Once I've written them down,
I'll head back to the old house
and add more things to it.
The person you want to be with
till the end is Grandma, right?
Given my current physical condition,
I will definitely
leave this world before her.
A few years ago, I was busy with work,
and I had no time to accompany her.
After she retired,
she spent every day
just staying at home.
And then,
that car accident
took away the happiness
of the whole family.
Why didn't you travel with Grandma?
The two of you would have been happier.
I wanted to,
but my health
didn't allow me to accompany her.
I always feel like I owe her.
So, one time,
I intentionally had a big fight with her,
so she'd know
that she could
travel alone without me.
They must both have been so uncomfortable
without each other.
They were just holding on.
You, too.
You're so young,
so you should bear the pain at home
and help them move on.
No one has ever talked to me
about all this.
Well, I'll be the first to wake you up.
What about you?
Does anyone listen to you properly?
This is a bridge again.
The place you go to whenever
you face pressure and want to escape.
So, you also have pressure,
but no one listens to you properly.
Isn't that right?
I have an order.
Zhong Siqiao!
You've helped Dian.
You've helped Xiang Lang.
You've helped all your family.
You've helped everyone around you.
You've helped me.
What about you?
Is there anything I can help you with?
No need to smile.
No need to force a smile.
What I've learned over the years
is that when you don't want to smile,
simply don't!
I'm not as strong as you,
but I understand weakness!
Isn't it hard, holding on like that?
I just love them so much.
I don't want them to be separated.
I don't want to see
my brother fail at everything.
I don't want Grandpa and Grandma
to be left alone when they're sick.
I don't want Dian, Xiang Lang,
or anyone around me to feel sad!
I also know that you kind of like me.
I'm not stupid.
But I don't want it to be
because I helped you out,
and you just happened to be heartbroken,
and then you thought maybe we could try.
I don't want it to be like that!
So, over these days,
have you thought about me?
I did think about you.
But I'm also really frustrated!
You've been out of touch for half a month,
and I didn't want you to know
that I missed you.
I…
I guess I was too emotional.
I'm okay.
- That's because you're more experienced.
- Hey…
Every relationship I have
is different, okay?
Don't misunderstand me.
I haven't agreed to date you yet.
So, would you like to date me?
I… I'll think about it.
Zhong Siqiao,
what you just said
sounded like a bad girl.
But you kissed me first!
But you were more aggressive!
That's because you,
an experienced guy, seduced me.
Fine! Let's start over!
From now on, I'll officially chase you!
We'll have a shared future! Is that okay?
Su Haoan, calm down. Sit down!
Take your time chasing me.
Slowly discover my other good sides.
Gradually fall for me. Is that okay?
Okay.
Your kissing skills are so terrible.
So embarrassing.
Where is he?
You… Why aren't you sleeping yet?
You went out this morning?
My sister came.
She took my graduation album before.
She just came to return it.
Why didn't you invite her here?
She's already gone.
Want to see what your boyfriend
looked like back in college?
Here.
WE GRADUATED!
How does he look? Handsome, right?
This is Su Haoan.
He dyed his hair yellow back in college.
This is Qian Fei.
By the way, Qian Fei
is getting married on the 8th.
Are you free then?
I'm not sure yet. What's up?
Nothing, just asking.
This is Duan Jiaxu, right?
He's quite handsome.
He looks the same as before.
Is he handsome?
This picture is average.
He looks a bit silly here.
No way.
You can tell he's the campus heartthrob.
He must've been popular with the girls.
I've heard before
you two were the campus heartthrobs.
I never heard of that.
Well, in your eyes,
what's… what's so handsome about him?
In what ways?
He looks very sunny.
He has a youthful vibe.
He's quite eye-catching in a crowd.
Maybe it's
because I'm not in this photo.
Isn't this you?
He just looks younger.
Actually, he's quite old.
He's older than all of us.
He belongs to the previous generation.
Isn't that a bit too much?
No. He's really quite old.
I didn't notice that before.
Why are there so many shots of him?
- Are you tired?
- I'm fine.
Well,
I'm tired. Maybe I should get some rest.
I haven't finished looking.
Maybe another day.
Let's look another day.
I'll go to sleep now.
Good night.
The door isn't locked.
Are you chasing me this relentlessly?
No need to knock in the future.
Just come in.
I was just afraid
you might be changing clothes.
So what if I was?
This is for you.
What's this?
Your early Valentine's Day gift.
Because I saw
others usually have
candlelit dinners for Valentine's Day,
but I don't want to do that.
Because…
you are special.
Can I look at it?
Why do you like giving me things
meant for little girls?
When you wear it,
you don't look like a little girl.
What does the snowflake decoration mean?
It's Frost's Descent,
pronounced as my name, Shuangjiang.
Come on. Put this on
for your significant other.
What about this one?
This one is mine.
Done.
Is it a mulberry leaf?
It's a couple's version?
Alright.
Today, I'll gladly play the little girl.
I also have a gift for you.
It's in the first drawer.
This one?
Can I open it?
Of course.
Didn't you say
your voice recorder didn't work?
But I don't know how to use this.
Do I need to plug it into the computer
and listen to it?
No need.
Just press this button, and it works.
Try it in your room.
Why?
Just try it in your place.
If there's a problem, we can exchange it.
Alright.
Wen Shuangjiang,
please be safe at work.
Your boyfriend wants you
to return home safely.
You deserve the best.
Remember, there is someone lonely at home,
waiting for your safe return.
No matter what happens,
I will always be with you.
This is it.
I spent half a year
and finally managed to make this place
look a bit more presentable.
Your grandma
has always had great taste in life.
Our past life wasn't very wealthy,
but our spiritual life was still rich.
She loved pottery,
so I placed a lot of pottery here.
She also liked flowers and plants,
so I often came up here
to tidy up the plants.
Also,
back in the day,
she had a habit of drinking coffee.
Now, I've learned to brew coffee myself.
No wonder, every time I bring him here,
he doesn't let me come in.
Turns out this place is his paradise.
I was afraid I'd forget our past life.
So,
while tidying up,
I tried to piece together
the old memories.
Even this sofa and cushion
look very similar to what we used before.
Laughter, you're back!
Grandpa, I'm sorry.
I didn't ask for your permission
before I told Grandma about your illness.
It's my fault, Grandpa.
I think Grandma has the right to know.
If you didn't tell her,
she would be really sad.
Let me ask you.
Why didn't you tell me when you got sick?
I just wanted you
to go on a trip without any worries,
to enjoy it happily.
I didn't want you
to lose your dreams in life.
If my dreams don't include you,
then what's the point?
If you hadn't purposely argued with me,
making me angry,
how could I have gone
on a trip and left you alone?
That is because I'm sick,
I often forget things and get upset.
I'm also worried
that my condition is getting worse.
In the end,
I might forget even the people around me.
Don't be afraid.
We will all grow old.
We will all forget.
But some things won't change.
We are lifelong partners.
We've been together for so long.
Are you happy?
I really want you to be happy.
When I traveled alone,
I thought I would be happy.
But actually, a lot of the time, I wasn't.
Because I kept thinking about this family,
and I kept thinking about you.
When Woodie died,
Ma sent me a message.
I really wanted to rush back immediately.
Because I realized
you all are my greatest happiness.
Grandpa,
don't work so hard anymore.
When you can't remember things,
we'll help you remember.
You said you have a bad memory?
Look, I even forgot about this sofa.
But you remembered the fabric of the sofa
and the color of these cushions.
You remember it all!
I'm not that amazing.
I took our old photos everywhere,
looking for something similar.
I searched for a long time
before I found a sofa with this fabric.
Alright.
Now, I'm back!
Really?
Welcome back.
Hey!
Here.
We haven't danced in a long time,
- have we?
- Yeah.
I thought you'd forgotten
we used to dance together.
Sang Yan's college time
was a phase I never saw
and never participated in.
I clearly felt an emotion
that kept appearing in the past,
but I never managed to capture it.
Yes, I regret it.
I regret it very, very much.
I regret not being part
of that time in his life.
If I could,
I would want to participate
in every moment of his life
and accompany him through every emotion.
During every sad moment,
I would be by his side.
Of course,
I'd be happy to be your power bank,
providing you with energy
every day in the future.
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
Oh, how did you do on the exam?
I performed average.
It was okay.
What about you?
- What?
- Where's my reward?
I did really well.
Didn't you promise
that if I performed above expectations,
you'd give me a reward?
What's wrong?
I'm out of power. I need a recharge.
Your reward will be my endless energy.
Well… Open your hands.
What do you mean?
Charging.
You…
You promised me a reward. Give it now.
Sir, what are you laughing at?
I'm laughing because
you young people are so lucky,
full of energy.
Well, consider it a debt.
From now on, you'll be my…
power bank.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!